one of the things I love about the
quilter is it its size is somewhat
deceiving because sonically what I can
get out of it is the sound of some much
larger amps and I do that with a couple
of knob turns here okay so first things
first I like to add a little bit of
trouble and a little bit of bass and the
treble just brings in some of that
sparkly articulation and the bass brings
in a lot of body now there's a ton of
low-end from this amp and if bass just
accentuates some of that another knob
that I like is the limiter so I'll show
you what I have for a sound here before
I add the limiter
that's on the neck pickup and here's the
bridge
there's a ton of headroom which means if
I dig in the quilter gets a ton louder
if I roll off the volume it cleans up so
I'll show you what that sounds like
so it's really responsive and reactive
to your musicality when I roll up this
limiter knob what its gonna do is bring
the overall volume down and add a little
bit of squish and compression we call it
bloom and blossom all these things just
make the amp a little bit more musical
because it kind of squishes and forgives
some of the ways we play I like it
because it has almost a percussive
southern kind of sound and I'm from the
south so it makes me feel like I'm at
home again
so again with a little extra gain and
with a limiter turned up to maybe 2
o'clock or so now you get something that
can be funky or over driven
now you lose some of the Headroom but
again what your gain is the sound of a
much bigger amp turned all the way up
right so even in the the bridge position
would be more of a rock setting
and again sounds like a much bigger amp
than it is and a lot of that is coming
just from the limit or not